hey
plus we have a new student today and his
name is tackling welcome
okay what should know over there yes did
you know you were straight over to Jimmy
listen hey kid what's your name
doodly-doo me what the name is that I'm
running your course you are yeah you
don't like people will keep shut it okay
boss stop your work now heck up and
please go launcher oh look who we got
here when you can oh and wait whoa whoa
excellent
at least I have delivery my only friend
I hate my life everything always yup
oh hi what can I do for you hello
professor sprout I'm being bullied
please believe this to me boys one was
blond and the other one is emo you know
why they believe I don't know maybe it's
because I'm too cool okay what do you do
after school well
you know the usual
okay I'll take care of it thanks for
telling me ah you to be wanting to you
Phil te you ok well you're expelled ok
why don't you expel no no I got it yeah
that's why
haha dork I'll beat you again someday
lelu you shall it be okay
yay tailee I'm proud of you but you're
expelled
you